Phase 3: Preregistration of Analyses

In Phase 3, we outline 2 different analyses that we will include in the final report, no matter the significance of said analyses. 

Analysis 1: 
We will fit a logistic regression model on the total renewable production/consumption given the input of time. We want to predict the next 30 years of 
renewable energy production/consumption. We can do a test/train split on the data to see whether the model is working well or overfitting and then 
evaluating metrics such as RMSE and MAE.  We will also make some bootstrapping samples (dependent on size of our cleaned dataset) and train our model 
on each of said samples to learn more about the model and see what it tells us about our distributions. 


Analysis 2: 
Our dataset ref_df contains values for different characteristics that go into determining windmill placement. We will rank certain values of each 
characteristic given in our ref_df. Then we will compare actuall windmill placements thusfar (with the assumption that the placement was made with 
many of these characteristics in mind) to see whether some of our rankings match up with actual windmill placements in the physical world.



Questions: 
1. Is it possible for us to add more datasets at this point? They are for testing purposes (ie, for analysis 2, we want to compare our ranked locations
to actuall windmill locations to see how our ranking is working).
2. Do you have any suggestions for us to check significance of our analysis 2?
3. We have been working on analysis 2 already, and basically, we created a model that fits past data, and we wanted to use it to predict future data. The 
only issue is that the parameters we may be finding, given past data, might not necessarily be the right ones. What we mean by this is that there are some
educated predictions that we can make and that other researches have made which might increase/decrease some of thse parameters which fit our current curve. 
I guess the question is, is it alright to change our model given what we believe might happen in the future? As such, our model is not relying only on the
past measurements. 
